---
layout: "../../../layouts/BlogPost.astro" #Constant
title: "LUV NFT Launches NFTS Generated By Its AI"
cardDescription: "LUV NFT Launches NFT Generated By Its AI On Near Protocol Blockchain"
description: "LUV NFT, a Web5 leading NFT/AI company, has successfully implemented Non-Fungible Token (NFT) technology, which was designed and engineered to help creators monetize their brand with a new blockchain side hustle."
pubDate: "December 6, 2023"
heroImage: "/Blogs/tech/luv-nft-ai-dapp-near-blockchain.webp"
---

LUV NFT, a Web5 leading NFT/AI company, has successfully implemented Non-Fungible Token (NFT) technology, which was designed and engineered to help creators monetize their brand with a new blockchain side hustle. The company utilized [NEAR Protocol's](https://near.org/) blockchain's immutable nature to authenticate and verify AI NFT artwork geared towards helping brands, creators and business owners utilize this advanced technology to innovate traditional marketing campaigns. 

LUV NFT AI is currently on Near testnet to allow creators to onboard and test out the ease of use of the new platform with a generous amount of $395.00 USD testnet coins. LUV NFT also recently launched their Blog(chain) platform on Near testnet that allows creators to create blog stories that will forever live on blockchain.

> "With the surge of AI replacing jobs in stealth mode, we have to teach the masses new innovative ways to create income with all of this advanced blockchain technology. As a one stop shop, we offer creators and brands the necessary tools and guidance to monetize their brand within our purpose-driven economy."  
> - The Wizard of Hahz

### What are AI NFTs?

They're a novel form of art created by artists using AI algorithms. These algorithms, like deep neural networks, analyze data, enabling the generation of new art from inputs like images, writing, or sounds. The resulting artworks are often a collaboration between the artist and the AI, though there are instances where the AI independently creates the art. AI art spans various mediums like sculptures, paintings, business ads, music, and films, showcasing a dynamic and fast-growing field.
Moreover, AI-generated LUV NFTs represent the next frontier. AI allows anyone to craft unique artworks transformed into NFTs, which can be minted, sold, bought, and traded on the NEAR Foundation blockchain.

### AI Art NFTs

Could AI-generated artwork sell successfully? Absolutely. Let's delve into some examples of thriving collections.
Firstly, the 'Botto' collection stands out with six pieces fetching $1.3 million in sales. Notably, this collection uses an AI algorithm to reinterpret styles of renowned artists like Van Gogh and Monet, prioritizing human creativity in the creation process.

Next, the Paris-based art collective, Obvious, gained attention by selling an AI-created portrait for $432,500 at a Christie’s auction. Their portrait, titled “Portrait of Edmond de Belamy,” was generated by a machine-learning algorithm trained on a dataset spanning the 14th to 20th centuries.

Lastly, consider Claire Silver, an AI art pioneer reshaping the art landscape. Silver's cutting-edge post-photography technique challenges conventional art notions, blurring the boundaries between physical and digital realms. Notably, her works have graced Sotheby’s London and received global exhibition.
This innovative approach to art creation fascinates both audiences and collectors, showcasing AI's capacity to amplify and complement human creativity.

### The Future of AI NFTS

The future of AI LUV NFTs will be used to create everything from business ads to digital artwork sold in the platform's marketplace. Ultimately, AI LUV NFTs are an exciting development in the art and technology world.

AI also assists human creators, resulting in more efficient and cost-effective NFT collections. Overall, it’s clear that AI NFTs are a rapidly evolving and exciting field, and it will be interesting to see how they continue to develop and impact the art and NFT markets in the future.

### How To Promote AI NFTS

LUV NFT has gained insights from prior Web3 marketplace platforms that exclusively focused on promoting a handful of influencer NFT collections verses their mass NFT creators. Their premium [NFTV](https://nftv.luvnft.com) platform enables creators and brands to subscribe to diverse PPV (Pay-per-view) content platforms for learning and showcasing their NFTs in a secure environment, guided by NFT thought leader Hahz Terry, also known as "The Wizard of Hahz," and Dr. Candy, the co-founders of LUV NFT.

Web5 users, holding the ecosystem's UBI One $LUV inspired by Bob Marley and Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s vision of unity, can exchange this spiritual currency for marketing promotion on the @luvnft social media channel and Linktree. Additionally, LUV NFT develops branded TikTok/Instagram AR filters for their community, available for purchase using $LUV. All Web5 platforms accept $LUV, fostering a unified, non-competitive approach to how humanity conducts business.
Creators have the ability to create a blog post to promote their AI NFTs and sell their blogs as an NFT also.

Test out your AI NFT skills https://ai.luvnft.com.

If you need guidance on how to create your Near wallet used for logging in and store your AI NFT watch this [video](https://youtu.be/Rc4O_gGwgi0) below. 

Tag @luvnft #AILUVNFT🤖 in your social media posts.
